Managed Identity retries on 410 status (#37012)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

### Bugs Fixed

> - Managed Identity Credential will now correctly retry when the instance metadata endpoint returns a 410 response. [#28568](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/28568)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ManagedIdentityCredential` will now correctly retry when the instance metadata endpoint returns a 410 response. [#28568](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/28568)
```

> - Managed Identity Credential will now correctly retries when the instance metadata endpoint returns a 410 response. [#28568](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/28568)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Managed Identity Credential will now correctly retry when the instance metadata endpoint returns a 410 response. [#28568](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/28568)
```
